trove Janos has unfortunately become
known for one thing and one thing only
it's inexpensive early bird special are
we doing at the restaurant is only
minutes away from its nightly ritual
hello how are you
wait you early would you right by the
window oh my goodness gracious
one thing all the family agree on is
that the food is great and Anthony well
he's certainly a confident guy now I may
be in for a treat
and right now it's time for the early
bird here we go this is it
is it busy yes huh got there earlier on
my 4:30 4:30
who eats there early right Wow the deck
or matches the clientele drab
fuddy-duddy yeah
and Sears the old fashioned I feel like
I've come to see my granny in a
retirement home I can't eat dinner at
4:30 in the afternoon
I'm sure someone's recommend the trophy
on a salad is excellent
Wow it's chopped why would you tell me
people seem to love it
is that because of their teeth maybe it
must be a nightmare knife for me yes
draw better I can't stand here keep
still in a few minutes I know I think
I'm ready
alright what would you like uh first
thing Eggman Tower
okay then I'll have the chicken wrap
shrimp please finally some fish what we
recommend the Salmons fresh it comes
with potatoes and vegetables are passed
any past you like but you wouldn't sell
spaghetti with the salmon you have
people get it all the time cuz I like to
take the pasta home usually let's go for
the salmon scream on ice okay
excellent thank you Wow
cheaver wonder water you got it is he
sleeping over there
is he here we go right here table tens
appetizers please sorry I'm very excited
to show Chef Ramsay what I can do I feel
that there will be no faults and what I
produce one here you go
Wow eggplants our my girl house when
Chef Ramsay appetizer coming out you can
see his face like what is this I
said oh my God we're dead that's
definitely not homemade mozzarella is
ghastly
stone cold solid and tasteless how are
you madam how was dinner
here fair hope you're in the bag what is
that
Hey Ram Itachi Oh lovely when will you
have this for lunch tomorrow so you're
not coming back tomorrow
no not that one coz you got dinner there
look like your accent thank you like
your lipstick ha ha wait spending time
in the company of the Golden Girls
oh you don't exactly